docs: document `service` block (#12868)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Formula-Cookbook.md

| `restart_delay`         | -            |  yes  |  yes  | The delay before restarting a process                                                    |
| `process_type`          | -            |  yes  | no-op | The type of process to manage, `:background`, `:standard`, `:interactive` or `:adaptive` |
| `macos_legacy_timers`   | -            |  yes  | no-op | Timers created by launchd jobs are coalesced unless this is set                          |

For services that start and keep running alive you can use the default `run_type :` like so:
```ruby
  service do
    run [opt_bin/"beanstalkd", "test"]
    keep_alive true
    run_type :immediate # This should be omitted since it's the default
  end
```

If a service needs to run on an interval, use `run_type :interval` and specify an interval:
```ruby
  service do
    run [opt_bin/"beanstalkd", "test"]
    run_type :interval
    interval 500
  end
```

If a service needs to run at certain times, use `run_type :cron` and specify a time with the crontab syntax:
```ruby
  service do
    run [opt_bin/"beanstalkd", "test"]

>     run_type :interval
>     cron "5 * * * *"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    run_type :cron
    cron "5 * * * *"
```

Another example would be configuration files that should not be overwritten on package upgrades. If after installation you find that to-be-persisted configuration files are not copied but instead *symlinked* into `/usr/local/etc/` from the Cellar, this can often be rectified by passing an appropriate argument to the package’s configure script. That argument will vary depending on a given package’s configure script and/or Makefile, but one example might be: `--sysconfdir=#{etc}`

### Service files

> Homebrew provides two formula DSL methods for service files:

Reviewer 2: Were the two list items following meant to be removed? Otherwise this line has nothing to introduce.

> Homebrew provides two formula DSL methods for service files:

Reviewer 2: Were the two list items following meant to be removed? Otherwise this line has nothing to introduce.

Author: I was considering it as 
```
prefix.install_symlink "file.plist" => "#{plist_name}.plist"
prefix.install_symlink "file.service" => "#{service_name}.service"
```

or 

`service do` block

prefix.install_symlink "file.service" => "#{service_name}.service"
```

2. If the formula does not provide a service you can generate one using the following stanza.
```rb
service do
  run bin/"script"
end
```

#### Service block methods
There are many more options you can set within such a block, and in this table you will find them all.
The only required field in a `service` block is the `run` field to indicate what to run.

| Method                  | Default      | macOS | Linux | Description                                                                             |
|-------------------------|--------------|-------|-------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `run`                   | -            |  yes  |  yes  | Command to execute, an array with arguments or a path                                   |
| `run_type`              | `:immediate` |  yes  |  yes  | The type of service, `:immediate`, `:interval` or `:cron`                               |
| `keep_alive`            | `false`      |  yes  |  yes  | If the service needs to keep the process running after exit                             |

> | `interval`              | -            |  yes  |  yes  | Controls the start interval, required for the `:interval` type.                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `interval`              | -            |  yes  |  yes  | Controls the start interval, required for the `:interval` type                          |
```

| `cron`                  | -            |  yes  |  yes  | Controls the trigger times, required for the `:cron` type                               |
| `environment_variables` | -            |  yes  |  yes  | A hash of variables to set                                                              |
| `working_dir`           | -            |  yes  |  yes  | The directory to operate from                                                           |
| `root_dir`              | -            |  yes  |  yes  | The directory to use as a chroot for the process                                        |
| `input_path`            | -            |  yes  |  yes  | Path to use as input for the process                                                    |
| `log_path`              | -            |  yes  |  yes  | Path to write stdout to                                                                 |
| `error_log_path`        | -            |  yes  |  yes  | Path to write stderr to                                                                 |
| `restart_delay`         | -            |  yes  |  yes  | The delay before restarting a process                                                   |

> | `process_type`          | -            |  yes  | no-op | The type of process to manage `:background`, `:standard`, `:interactive` or `:adaptive` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `process_type`          | -            |  yes  | no-op | The type of process to manage, `:background`, `:standard`, `:interactive` or `:adaptive` |
```

> | `macos_legacy_timers`   | -            |  yes  | no-op | Timers created by launchd jobs are coalesced unless this is set                         |

Reviewer 2: Include [`launch_only_once`](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/12837)? 
(The trailing pipes on each line aren't required btw.)

Author: In my defense, that wasn't merged when I wrote this 😄. I'll do it later

Another example would be configuration files that should not be overwritten on package upgrades. If after installation you find that to-be-persisted configuration files are not copied but instead *symlinked* into `/usr/local/etc/` from the Cellar, this can often be rectified by passing an appropriate argument to the package’s configure script. That argument will vary depending on a given package’s configure script and/or Makefile, but one example might be: `--sysconfdir=#{etc}`

### Service files

Homebrew provides two formula DSL methods for service files:

> There is two ways to add plists and systemd services to a formula, so that [`brew services`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-services) can pick it up:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are two ways to add plists and systemd services to a formula, so that [`brew services`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-services) can pick it up:
```

| `environment_variables` | -            |  yes  |  yes  | A hash of variables to set                                                              |
| `working_dir`           | -            |  yes  |  yes  | The directory to operate from                                                           |
| `root_dir`              | -            |  yes  |  yes  | The directory to use as a chroot for the process                                        |
| `input_path`            | -            |  yes  |  yes  | Path to use as input for the process                                                    |
| `log_path`              | -            |  yes  |  yes  | Path to write stdout to                                                                 |
| `error_log_path`        | -            |  yes  |  yes  | Path to write stderr to                                                                 |
| `restart_delay`         | -            |  yes  |  yes  | The delay before restarting a process                                                   |
| `process_type`          | -            |  yes  |  no   | The type of process to manage `:background`, `:standard`, `:interactive` or `:adaptive` |

> | `macos_legacy_timers`   | -            |  yes  |  no   | Timers created by launchd jobs are coalesced unless this is set                         |

Reviewer 4: Maybe worth explaining what "no" means here i.e. error/warning/no-op?

Reviewer 4: Yeh, I think so 👍🏻

For services that start and keep running alive you can use the default `run_type :` like so:
```ruby
  service do
    run [opt_bin/"beanstalkd", "test"]
    keep_alive true

>     run_type :immediate #This can be left out since it's default

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    run_type :immediate # This should be omitted since it's the default
```

  end
```

If a service needs to run on an interval, use `run_type :interval` and specify an interval:
```ruby
  service do
    run [opt_bin/"beanstalkd", "test"]
    run_type :interval
    interval 500
  end
```

If a service needs to run at certain times, use `run_type :cron` and specify a time with the crontab syntax:
```ruby
  service do
    run [opt_bin/"beanstalkd", "test"]
    run_type :interval
    cron "5 * * * *"
  end
```

For environment variables you can specify a hash. For the path there is the helper method `std_service_path_env`.

> This method will set the path to `#{HOMEBREW_PREFIX}/bin:#{HOMEBREW_PREFIX}/sbin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/sbin` so the service can find other brew commands.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This method will set the path to `#{HOMEBREW_PREFIX}/bin:#{HOMEBREW_PREFIX}/sbin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/sbin` so the service can find other `brew` commands.
```

```rb
  service do
    run opt_bin/"beanstalkd"
    environment_variables PATH: std_service_path_env
  end
```

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```
